## Quant Edge Equix App Terms and Conditions of Use
The Quant Edge Equix web and mobile trading application (Equix App) is provided and under licence from Quant Edge Pty Ltd ABN 21 623 914 910.  

## Application of trading terms
The trading terms and conditions applicable to your EQUIX trading account and Quant Edge’ disclosure documents received by you upon opening of your EQUIX trading account (including any amendments and updates to these documents) apply to your use of the Equix Web App. Those terms and conditions and disclosures apply to all dealings between you and EQUIX and are to be read together with these Equix App Terms and Conditions of Use. You can obtain a copy of these documents by contacting EQUIX Team (contact details available at <a href="www.quant-edge.com" target="_blank">www.quant-edge.com</a> or the financial intermediary through whom you access your EQUIX trading account. You acknowledge that the Equix App is part of the DMA Service and DMA System provided by EQUIX and the DMA Service terms set out in the EQUIX trading terms and conditions apply to the use of the Equix App.  
&nbsp;  
Quant Edge is not authorised to carry on business in any other jurisdiction other than Australia. The Equix App is for use by users in connection with EQUIX’s securities trading business operated in Australia only.

## Data for information purposes only and not advice
Quant Edge does not provide personal financial advice and makes no recommendation or endorsement of any financial product available for trading using the Quant Edge Equix App. No information or data in the Quant Edge Equix App constitutes advice to a user or any person. Any user should, before acting on the information in the Quant Edge Equix App, consider the appropriateness of the information, having regard to their objectives, financial situation and needs and, if necessary, seek appropriate professional advice. Any data or other information provided in the Quant Edge Equix App, including charts and alerts, is provided for your information only and should not be relied on for taxation, investment or any other purposes. Quant Edge does not make any representation or warranty as to the timeliness, reliability, accuracy or completeness of the material contained in the data and information in the Quant Edge Equix App or any alerts, nor does it accept any responsibility arising in any way for errors in, or omissions from, that material.  

## Availability of Quant Edge Equix App
You acknowledge that at all times your access to Quant Edge Equix App depends on factors outside Quant Edge’s control, including any disruption, failure or malfunction in any part of the internet, mobile carriage service or other network. Access may also be limited or unavailable during periods of peak demand, systems interference, damage or maintenance, or for other reasons. You acknowledge Quant Edge may, in its sole discretion, suspend or discontinue the Quant Edge Equix App service at any time without notice.  
&nbsp;  
No Quant Edge liability for your use of Quant Edge Equix App  
You agree that Quant Edge will not be liable in any way for any direct or indirect loss or damage suffered by you, howsoever caused, arising from your use of the Quant Edge Equix App, including where the Quant Edge Equix Web App, or any component or feature of the Quant Edge Equix App (including Alerts), fails to function in an expected or effective manner (or at all) or as a result of any unauthorised access to your securities or EQUIX trading accounts through Quant Edge Equix Web App. You agree that if for any reason you are unable to access your securities or EQUIX trading account via the Quant Edge Equix Web App, you can contact Quant Edge by telephoning +61 3 9068 3968, Monday to Friday, 8.30 am to 5.30 pm Melbourne time.  
&nbsp;  
Use of your personal information in the Quant Edge Equix App  
The Quant Edge Privacy Policy applies to the collection and use of your personal information in connection with the Quant Edge Equix App (available at <a href="https://www.quant-edge.com/privacy-policy" target="_blank">https://www.quant-edge.com/privacy-policy</a>). The Quant Edge Equix App is supported by Quant Edge Pty Ltd, a company based in Vietnam. As a result of your use of the Quant Edge Equix App, your personal information including information contained in your EQUIX trading account may be disclosed to Quant Edge Pty Ltd in Vietnam. The implications of this disclosure are set out in the Quant Edge Privacy Policy under the heading Overseas disclosure of personal information. You consent to Quant Edge making this disclosure of your personal information and agree this consent remains current unless expressly withdrawn by you.  
&nbsp;  
Quant Edge Pty Ltd is required to take steps to comply with Australian privacy law. Quant Edge Pty Ltd will use your personal information for the purpose of providing to you the Quant Edge Equix App including maintenance and support of the Quant Edge Equix App and if Quant Edge Pty Ltd does not receive your personal information you will not be able to use the Quant Edge Equix App. Quant Edge Pty Ltd will not disclose your personal information to any other person or entity, other than as set out in the Quant Edge Privacy Policy.  

## Links in the Quant Edge Equix App
Links in the application may take you sites which are not affiliated with Quant Edge and may be subject to different privacy policies security levels. Quant Edge is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or control content, availability, products or services that are offered or expressed on other sites. Any disclosure by you of information to any third party via a linked site will not be subject to Quant Edge’ privacy policy or information security measures.  

## Security and access to the Quant Edge Equix App
You are solely responsible for your own anti-virus and mobile device security measures and those of any authorised user. You are responsible to ensure that no unauthorised persons have access to your EQUIX trading account and that you must keep your security information such as usernames, passwords and access codes secure. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for transactions on your EQUIX trading account using the Quant Edge Equix App including where you fail to keep access to the Quant Edge Equix App secure and Quant Edge will consider trades placed on your EQUIX trading account via the Quant Edge Equix App to be authorised by you. If you have enabled fingerprint or facial recognition access on your Quant Edge Equix App, you should not have any fingerprints or facial recognition records stored on your device other than your own. If other people use their fingerprints or facial recognition on your device, you should turn off fingerprint and facial recognition access for the Quant Edge Equix App.  
&nbsp;  
If you, or someone else, change the fingerprint or facial recognition settings on your device, as a security measure fingerprint and/or facial recognition access will be disabled for the Quant Edge Equix App and you will be prompted to enter your PIN or password to log on to the Quant Edge Equix App. Only re-enable fingerprint or facial recognition access if you are sure the changes made to your fingerprint or facial recognition settings on your device were made by you.  Quant Edge is not responsible for any malfunction in fingerprint or facial recognition functionality or changes to fingerprint or facial recognition technology that impacts the way you access the Quant Edge Equix App.  

## Alerts
The Quant Edge Equix App may allow you to elect to receive alerts via a push notification service or email. Alerts sent via push notification will be sent to any device on which you have installed and registered the Quant Edge Equix App with notifications enabled. Alerts could be seen by others (including unauthorised persons) who use or access your device. It is your responsibility to check the "Notifications" settings on all your devices to ensure the privacy and alerts settings are appropriate for your use.  

## Changes to Quant Edge Equix App Terms and Conditions of Use
Any amendment to the Quant Edge Equix App Terms and Conditions of Use will be published in the Quant Edge Equix App and can be accessed on the Quant Edge Equix App menu. You agree your continued use of the Quant Edge Equix App after receiving notice of an amendment to the Quant Edge Equix App Terms and Conditions of Use will constitute your agreement to the amended Quant Edge Equix App Terms and Conditions of Use.
